What is ontology? How is it relevant to research?
Ontology is about the nature of an object, whether it is exist or real. This is more about the physical aspect of an entity than an abstract concpt.
Ontology is a kind of metaphysics, it gives all the objects a category for each of what it belongs to based on its similarity with other kinds. To classify whether they are under the same category, it judges from their perperties, substances, relations, or pattern.
When ontology as a research method, the researchers would focus on the nature or the existence of the object. Onotology is all about researching information of an object and to analyse what it is being objectivly and thing is happened. This research method usually been used in a field which requires a lot of knowledge for people to study.

What is epistemology? How is it relevant to research?
Epistemology is all about knowledge. The researchers study the nature and the scope of knowledge, combining the factual information to justify a logical assumption of what is believed to be true.
Using epistemology as a research method, the researchers first gather all the knowledge of a field, then use that as a foundation to derive the truth or justified belief. This method can be used in a field which has a lot of debates in different sides, people can make assumptions or to prove what they believe is truth with knowledge.


What is the connection between ontology and epistemology in a research context?
Ontology is more about what knowledge is out there for people to know about. Epistemology is more about for researchers to explore what is the truth and how do they know the truth. Depends on what the research topic is about to decide what method to use or combine them both. If the research is about an issue which is existed for a long time and there are knowledge that is trustworthy and been accepted for ages, then people would use ontology to research for the knowledge that they need to know. For an issue with controversies, or unclear definition, or theories that have not been proved, this is more suitable to use epistemology in research because it draws a relation conclusion after an objective research.



Wikipedia. (2021, 19 Feb). Ontology. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontology

Wikipedia. (2021, 7 Mar). Epistemology. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epistemology

Moon, K and Blackman, D. (2017, 2 May). A guide to ontology, epistemology, and philosophical perspectives for interdisciplinary researchers. https://i2insights.org/2017/05/02/philosophy-for-interdisciplinarity/comment-page-1/
