This week we talked about how do we think about politic, religion, and relationship in Ontology and Epistemology.

For politic, it mainly falls to the Social Science paradiam. The politicians are super conscious about where they are at, they would do what they think is suitable for their countries or for their benefits, the politicians probably are well knowing what conseqences would have after a speech or a new measure, they have to authority to define how to construct the countries. Because of cultural difference, they may do things differently. The politicians can interpret how they want to manage thire countries and be in this reality, after a new measure is implemented, they may look at the result and to correct their mistakes. But for the Post-modernist paradiam, the politicians may do whatever they think is correct, there are no set definition of what to do, they are being subjective about the reality which they may make mistakes because of that. Politic can be related to each other, when comparing different parties, people usually relate one party to another party comparing their objectives, their measures, and their behaviours.

For religion, this is also quite qualitative to think about. For Social Science paradiam, different religions have different rules and dogmas for their followers, the religion defines itself, all these rules and eliving construct the religion. The preachers interpret what the bible said, the followers listen to it and interpret the dogmas by what they do. For the Post-modernist paradiam, what is real is what the individual think, that said, if a person does not believe there is God, then he would be atheism in his believing, he thinks the reality should have no God.

For relationship, people under the Social Science paradiam interpret their relationship by being into it and doing it in their own way, they may adjust their behaviour and the way they communicate with their partners during the relationship. For people under the Post-Modernist paradiam, there is not set difinition on how it suppose to be in a relationship, everyone has different opinions about relationship.

And we also talked about creditability and validity. Creditability is about how truthworthy is a piece of information, where is the information came out from is a key factor to determine whether it is creditable. For example, I would believe information reported by well known broadasting station in the headline news or what a professional said. The information we found on Internet is not very creditable because it may just came out from a nobody who heard other people said. Validity is how likely the information is true, I would believe physical evidences like photos and videos, or a logical inference of the causes and consequences. Witnesses may lie about things so they can only be the secondary proof of the physical evidences, the physical evidences are still more convining for me.
