What do you think ‘research’ is?
Research is to gather information from different kinds of sources which we can access to. Before we do 'research', there is a topic or something that we want to know, then we do research to find out the answer that we want. 'Research' for information is opposite to opinions, it is objective rather than subjective, the facts and what is true are what we look for in a research.


Do you think you will ever need research skills?
Good research skills are always needed. When we have doubt about something or we are trying to make the best decision as we can, we would need research skills to search for information that we need. We may make wrong decision if not doing research, or we may get overwhelmed by tons on information and fail to filter the facts and the information that we need if research skills are lacking.



What do you think a research journal is and who is it written for?
A research journal is a report of doing research, or review, or summarize of a particular topic. It contains the inital thought of why doing the research, the topic of research, the methods used, the facts found, and the citations of the sources.
The research journals usually are written for academic purpose. After a research on a topic, gather the observation, survey from different focus groups, information and evidences found on books and internet, record all these in a systematic way in a research journal. The research journal is written for professionals, researchers, and scholars in the field.


What is plagiarism?
Plagiarism is taking other people's work as your own without consent, or acknowledge, or write academic references of where the sources are from.


Why is it important to avoid it?
If a journal is published in a professional or academic page, plagiarism is absolutely forbidden, the plagiarists will lose their reputation in the industry. Since all the creation of objects or documents have copyright to protect the creators/owners, they are entitled to the rights of suing the plagiarists for stealing their works. Been found out plagiarising can cause legal actions, monetary compensation, and reputation lose, so this is important to avoid it.


Why blogging in RES701?
Doing weekly blog is to record what we have learnt every week, to review all kinds of research methods, and to reflect our opinions about topics which worth us to consider.
