This week we have a presentation about the research methods, the research method my group doing is Exploratory research.
Exploratory research is to investigate problems which are not clearly defined, it just for understanding issues and analysing information but not lead to a result. It usually been used in the early stage of an issue, the research result is used for future research.
Researchers can collect primary information and secondary information when using this research method. They can do interviews, focus groups, and surveys to collect primary information. Or they can search for information online or read books to collect seconary information.
People can use Exploratory research to make business decision for example, a business wants to introduce a new product or doing other stuff to expand its business, the owner can use this research method in the planning stage of the expansion of business, he can get information from his customers and employees consulting about what kind of product they after, what features do they want to include, or which market should they target etc.
The strengths of this approach are, this is a very low cost research method, basically just gather all the information from asking people and looking up on internet. This is a very flexible method, people can just add anything they come up. The research done in the early stage gives a good foundation to the future research, and it can identify whether the issue worth investing time and resources in the future.
The weaknesses of this approach are, the research are just information gathering, no conclusion is produced. The information gathered are mainly qualitative information, it can be judgemental and biased. If the data is collected through secondary research, it is likely the data is old and out-dated.
In my opinion, I think using thid research method is really good when an issue is new to me, I can ask other people who might have knowledge about it to receive some useful information. The way how I do my research is to gather all the information I can get, and then choose the one seems work for me the most and to stick with that one. Exploratory research works for me, but sometimes I would like some quantitative data to support the opinions I heard are correct.
