This week we talked about scientific paradigm. This is about how we think about this world, how do we understand thing and believe thing, and what methods do we use when we doubt about something. The scientific paradigm we chose influcence the philosophy of mind how we see thing and accept new knoeledge. There are 3 types of scientific paradigm we talked about in class, they are the Classic scientific paradigm, the Social science paradigm, and the Post-modernist approach.

The Classic scientific paradigm is people would believe what is wisely believed and accepted. Realism plays a big role in the classic scientific paradigm, everything can be measured objectively, a lot of numbers and statistic are involved to prove the theories, this is an quantitive and scientific approach of researching.

The Social science paradigm is a rather subjective way to see how this world is constructed. Cultural difference between people affects people's opinions and how they behave. They have conscious about where they are and what role they are playing in the society. From the environment where people are at, they accept how reality is constructed. Own experience and own observation are used very common to find the social pattern, to generate own conclusion and believing.

The Post-modernist approach is using a critical thinking mentality to skepticize and to doubt the general ideologies and what people been told. What is real is what a person think, people have perception about the reality, there ar no set definition about truth.

These scientic paradigms are how people do research when they want to know new knowledge. Depends on the topic of research, to decide which paradigm is suitable to use. Or even better, a research needs objective facts and statistic to support what is claimed, a good research can be done by seeking opinions form different groups and demographics which can generate a common acceptable solution and what is believed is right, and as a good researcher, this is good to have critical thinking mind and analysis skills to test or to judge what people are generally accepting is possibly wrong. A research can combine all these 3 paradigms can create an objective, humane, and abundant research result.
